# Mobile Drug Dispensing Bot
Repository created on 13/11/2025
This repository holds all the files and informations about my final year project.

# Abstract 
An indoor mobile drug dispensing bot designed to assist patients and elderly people to fulfill their individual medical needs in homes or in hospitals. This scalable medicine asistive bot is enabled with multiple compartments disc-like shaped to hold the pills. A mechanical actuation system is housed in the mid to push the right compartment at the desired time of medication. At the core, the system is controlled using ESP32 for bluetooth capability, and Raspberry pi single board computer installed with computer vision and trained to detect the patients exact location indoor. The patient is provided either with a badge or a wearable device like watch comprising of bluetooth, connected with the bot wirelessly, acting as a tag. Based on the Recieved Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI), the precise location of the user is figured out. Additionally, the Computer Vision algorithm is built along with proximity sensors like Ultrasonic and Infrared sensor to find the user's exact accurate location. Mechanical drivers in the base carries the system to the location, supplying drug. The activity of the drug bot can be monitored through a real time web application. Allowing the care taker to replenish the drug supplies when the bot is running short on pills, any activities of the patient like non-adherence to the medication is notified to the care taker.
